WHAT DOES IT guys and what can Aksenov in this video we're going to be working out with the new section.
Okay let's come here let's just like here let's just hit this and you can see that we need a regular
section.
So I want to come here and I need for a column.
OK.
And then here when I want I need
the circle counter can be added the countdown timer no
number counter.
OK.
Yes let's just add this number a counter from where it is
Here we go.
Now here I want to add the title.
So my title is going to be
events managed ok and we have changed 5 6 2 4 the elements.
No we don't want the person dates.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to just come here and I want to design it so when I come here to that design
right here let's go to your text.
Let's just change it to orange.
OK.
And I want to make it a bit much lighter color.
Here I want to go to the Condon Right here and let's add a thousand separator.
So
OK we need to add the 2000 tip for ourselves so when it go to discovery here and let's add it this
OK I don't know why this is not working
great to thousands of Prader does not work here.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I want to come here and I want to click this gallery here so you can see
it looks pretty good.
And when you go to the design right here and I want to decrease this because this is so large so I want
to go to the number text right here and I want to decrease the size of it told us OK cool and we can
also add the shadow right here.
So shadow looks great as well.
So I want to come here and I want to just triplicated triplicated triplicated OK.
I want to bring this right here.
And prink this right here.
So here we go I want to change this to happy clients
OK I want to just edit it.
I want to come here and I want to make it 93.
So we have 93 percent happy client pay.
I want to come here and this is going to be
Awards OK.
So we have received three awards.
OK hey I want to come here.
Let's click here.
Let's just come here and let's come here.
OK.
So this is going to be
cups of coffee because you can and pretty well anything right here.
OK.
This is going to be
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit this big and see.
We have our company by numbers so you can add it right here.
OK.
So you can see this is how it is looking.
If you want to make it a little bit more smaller You can also make it and now you're totally done with
about this page.
And you can see this about us just looking so amazing actually physically.
I like it.
I don't know about you guys but I if I see a website like this I'm definitely going to buy from them.
So if you think this about us is not looking cool.
This about us is not looking great.
What you can do you can add another back home image if you want to if you want to.
OK.
What you can do.
You can just go to the splash dot com to find any image.
And then you can add it.
So let's go ahead let's go to the background image right here and let's come here and let's add an image
so I'm going to add this image right here that we always use.
OK.
This is coming right here.
I'm going to go to this camera here and I want to add the treaty into effect so I want to come here
to this guy right here.
And I wanted to create more elitism here.
Yes.
And let's decrease it.
And now I know it looks good.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to just sit safe so you can see everything is looking pretty cool.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now we're totally done with about this page in the next video will be working at the contact page.
There you'll be working a little jovial at a logo and then we'll do our Web site for animation and mobile
optimization.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And.